#-------------------------------------------------------------------#
#    To change header in KOMA Script
#-_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_-#

Usually the way to got a custom formatting of the chapter title is to use the
titesec package, however this does not work with the KOMA Script style, therefore
we will have to do a manual overwrite of the \chapterformat and 
\chapterlinesformat commands, using \renewcommand. \chapterformat formats the
\chapter command while \chapterlinesformat formats the \chapter* command which
does not have number associated with it.


#-------------------------------------------------------------------#
#    Header and footer
#-_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_-#

Information about his is contained in the KOMA script manual at
https://ctan.uib.no/macros/latex/contrib/koma-script/doc/scrguien.pdf

Examples of chapter formats for normal latex
https://ctan.uib.no/macros/latex/contrib/fncychap/fncychap.sty

LaTeX 2e font selection
https://www.latex-project.org/help/documentation/fntguide.pdf



#-------------------------------------------------------------------#
#    Functions associated with manual heading editing
#-_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_---_-#

makebox[width][pos]{text}
Creates a single line box, optionally of fixed width, but otherwise large enough
to hold its content. Can be used to keep text that belongs together from begin
separated on separate line. You cannot place line breaks \\ within a makebox.
\mbox is a shortform of \makebox with the options assumed not to be there.

savebox{cmd}[width][pos]{text}
Formats text as if within a makebox, however instead of printing the box, it
saves it to cmd, such that the box can be printer later with \usebox immediately
followed by cmd. \sbox is a shortform of \savebox as \mbox is for \makebox.

\relax
Stops the expansion of the previous command. E.g. if using \\ \relax [...], it
prevents what is in the brackets from being interpreted as a dimension that would
add vertical space.

\resizebox{horizontal lenth}{vertical length}{text}
Given a size, such as 3cm, transform material to make it that size. If either
horizontal length or vertical length is an exclamation point ! then the other 
argument is used to determine a scale factor for both directions.

\thechapter
This prints the label, i.e. the number of the chapter.

\chapterheadstartvskip
\chapterheadendvskip
Can be redefined to provide more or less space before and after chapter headings.

\raisebox{distance}[extend-above][extend-below]{text}
Raises (or lowerst if distance is negative) the text. Makes LaTeX think that the
text extends above and below the line by the optional argument amount.

\parbox[position][height]{width}{contents}
Acts like a minipage, but without the ability for footnotes, does not allow
verbatim, does not reset the \@listdepth counter.
The position option can be c, m, t or b. This is a fragile command.

\selectfont
Used after e.g. \fontsize{size}{bskip} to make the parameter change active.
Selects a text font, based on the current values of the font attributes. There
Must be a \selectfont command immediately after any settings of font parameters
by (some) fo the 6 commands
\fontencoding{encoding}
\fontfamily{family}
\fontseries{series}
\fontshape{shape}
\fontsize{size}{baseline-skip}
\linespread{factor}
For more on changin font see:
https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/font_typefaces#Reference_guide

\par
LaTeX primitive for ending the line. Same as a blank line.

\rule[raise]{width}{thickness}
Produces a simple black box. With determines the width of the box, while thickness
dermines its height. The raise option can raise or lower the rule above or below
the baseline. 

\hskip
Draws horizontal space. The command can be followed immediately with a length
like \hskip1pt.

\autodot

\endskip

\color

\raggedleft

\raggedsection

\scalebox

\chapappifchapterprefix

\nobreakspace

